hey guys fan out here and today I have a
pretty cool trick so if you are like
much like I on right now in a situation
where you really want to get across this
ravine to explore the cakes further but
there's damn lava pool in your way yeah
that is really annoying isn't it so what
I usually do in survival if I'm Cavin I
go right up to the top of the water
stream right next to it because if
there's a ravine with with some lava
there probably is water as well I just
make a little bridge like this they can
see it flowing already that was the last
one so we just go down with the water
place a block there and go up one again
and then oh not fall off and then repeat
the same process over and over so we'll
be back when this is done
there we go so I think I've reached the
point where I can go ahead and climb
back up through the fall in the water
and see what this is called now as you
can see there is quite a large area of
ravine or lava already covered by water
and this is also quite easy to clean up
since it come on as it just consists of
one source block so let's just continue
a little bit and see what's at the end
oh hey what a coincidence there's some
diamonds here all right so I guess
that's where the water also comes into
play there we go as if it was planned
bye